get down here to build a pool for my
parents and it almost instantly turned
into a bar and that seems to be the way
with Kona we can't seem to build
anything with it it turning into a bar
I'm Andrew I'm Kevin
welcome to bro Jess I'm liking this
layout there's a lot of stuff we can do
now it's on to all the features I think
we definitely need some seating some
stools a little concrete yep
concrete for the post that the seat sits
on take a bucket filled with quikrete
turn it upside down let it fall out get
yourself a stool I think I'm gonna do it
a little different than that no do it
exactly like that
no okay I'm gonna start at the seat so
see you back
[Music]
we needed some seats for the swim-up bar
we're hearing it's stuck in there what
happened to the bucket idea this is a
bucket what happened to a small bucket
because that's gonna be a giant seat
watch and learn Muppet the concrete's
the pedestal this is the same if you
think if you don't have anything good to
say they're comfortable sit on that's
confident that's that's what they didn't
swim up there
this isn't a Swampert it's just a
concrete cylinder yeah a little cap
though be nice sit on that on that you
chomp of course Junior is over being
negative but I find that completely
comfortable another uplifting visit from
junior this way it's good it's not gonna
fall over Bueller are you doing it so
piss off wear a mask
it's just a ring of concrete around a
tree we cut down and it's fairly
comfortable voila we're gonna put our
sign in here by our top here barbecue
here uncomfortable stools here I made
some awesome stools haven't got it wrong
he did it upside down backwards like he
does everything I just can't wait to
recline on this all day long and honor
at Kleiner man it's embarrassed it's so
comfortable just like you're sitting on
a log end wait they're sitting on the
log end it's probably the worst stool
I've ever seen and ER needs therapy in a
huge way he's a control freak Kevin
wouldn't let the physical fight happen
because he knows the repercussions what
would that be tell my momma yes her new
above-ground pool I think this is
probably what she was envisioning when
she told us from down here and do it
yeah she loves what we do stuff like
they're gonna love these seats I can
tell you that everybody's gonna love
those suits
[Music]
so we took a bunch of beer bottles back
and got some money for our nickle bar
Kevin I've been wanting to make a penny
top bar for a little while went to the
bank they don't have pennies anymore
because they're out of circulation
next denomination was the nickel it has
the beaver on it goes with the lake so
we're making a nickel bar
[Music]